
# Bandit Level 20 → Level 21

## Level Goal

There is a setuid binary in the homedirectory that does the following: it makes a connection to localhost on the port you specify as a commandline argument. It then reads a line of text from the connection and compares it to the password in the previous level (bandit20). If the password is correct, it will transmit the password for the next level (bandit21).

**NOTE:** Try connecting to your own network daemon to see if it works as you think

**Thought Process**:
Trust me this took a lot of chatgpt and google research. But essentially this how I reverse engineered this. When you execute the setuid file it asks to give it a port number as an argument on which an input will be fed to the server which will check if password is correct or false and do accordingly. This means it will be a TCP connection which I need to host locally using the nc command. I will also echo without newlines the command and pass it onto the `nc -lk -p 12345 &` command. This will essentially output this text i.e. `0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO` using the `echo` command when called.
Now when we execute the suconnect using `./suconnec`t at port `12345` as used in steps below, immediately the local server will give `0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO`, which automatically suconnect will validate and give next password.


**Steps**:

1. Firstly list all items in the directory using the `ls -lsh` command:
```
bandit20@bandit:~$ ls -lsh
total 16K
16K -rwsr-x--- 1 bandit21 bandit20 16K Sep 19 07:08 suconnect
```

2. Use `echo` command to output the password `0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO` , then `pipe` this output by creating a local server at port `12345` using `ncat` and `-p` flag. Also make sure the port listens and stays open to listen to multiple requests using the `-lk` command:
```
bandit20@bandit:~$ echo -n "0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO" | nc -lk -p 12345 &
[1] 3126241
```

3. Now, use the `setuid`, which accepts a port number by giving it the same port as the `daemon` server just created at `12345`:
```
bandit20@bandit:~$ ./suconnect 12345
Read: 0qXahG8ZjOVMN9Ghs7iOWsCfZyXOUbYO
Password matches, sending next password
EeoULMCra2q0dSkYj561DX7s1CpBuOBt
```